the everyone so today I
do not he was and words on the
mascara every 2 million China
sectioning this fairly new mascara in
pharmacies it's been about a month
I got you that mascara and I loved it
very much
I waited a few weeks for
film the magazine because I think with
a beauty product we can not base
his opinion only on a first
impression
So why I am really test
a few weeks to give you my
opinion this mascara that is pretty liquid
that I prefer to compare a mascara that has
rather a dryer formula because
I think with a mascara that then
liquid
it takes a lot less time to do
bumps he so my opinion you know I
always make two layers of mascara
but if you really have morning posting
a layer that you really have
the desired effect very quickly because when
just is in a shape and the most
liquids it's much faster or
if I find that mascara hard work
All day long
at the end of the evening I have no
lumpy name on my face mascara very
easy to remove because it's not
one who will be born task and the outline of
sky level eyes so it's really
easy I feel good makeup remover then
everything will be removed me I have the version
not water repellent but also a version
water repellent its first version
water repellent it will really help you to
keep your course throughout the
day even though I had it on our beds
from refuge to thanks to the brush that is
curve
it's going to be really keeping the curve
of vaud heaven then me naturally here
are very straight but if they are very
right and co so that gives you an idea
So this mascara I really like
costs plus the packaging finds it
really bumped a metallic pink what
is still quite different so I
really recommend all those who
like to try mascara again
for sure I will surely
redeem the future a fart version
especially water repellent that summer without
vierimaa sibylline is surely the
best in pharmacy of my opinion
I really tried a lot then that
it's still another very good so
just before started their cottage that I
door on my lips right now 5 in
2010 and its spades three hours is
really seen humorist lipstick
more really it's a beautiful purple pink
new so I really like a lot
so first I came bent
but if it's a step that I
never neglects because I have the styles
rather straight and cut so I like
really curled up paper this mascara
I use
here is the nearest brush so the
points are plastic and it's a
curl brush that will really help
to suck the only ones even more
then the top that makes me see them
points are much shorter which
will help really brush them up and
finally do that no lumps then
then the wood hairs are a lot
longer well that's going to bring a lot
more volume and length to the cl
the tip of the brush to really good
to go to reach the small islands
in the outer corner is in the corner
internal
then the curve of the base is here
very well kept but curved
so with only a room layer
brings many length and volume
then now with what's left on the
brush I'm going to do the bottom eyelashes
so this sectionals but to see do
the second coach always likes to come
bend missiles again
without weighing too much
now for the second layer I
am going to use the slower hairs of the
brush to come and buy more than
language
so if you are like me you have
often safe mascara
wait until it's dry and then
first worried and it's just going
so that's it for this video
I really hope you enjoyed
subscribe and like this video
it makes me really happy as all
my links for my social networks -
in the info bar
so thank you very much for listening and we
see you soon lease